Fix creation with matching .obs and .X int indices (#1002)
scverse/anndata: docs/release-notes/0.9.2.md

```

* Fix ufuncs of views like `adata.X[:10].cov(axis=0)` returning views {pr}`1043` {user}`flying-sheep`

> * Allow creating AnnData with matching `.X` and `.obs` indices {pr}`1002` {user}`flying-sheep`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix instantiating AnnData where `.X` is a `DataFrame` with an integer valued index  {pr}`1002` {user}`flying-sheep`
```
